/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_60.jdk/Contents/Home/bin/java -Didea.launcher.port=7538 "-Didea.launcher.bin.path=/Applications/IntelliJ IDEA 14.app/Contents/bin" -Dfile.encoding=UTF-8 -classpath "/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_60.jdk/Contents/Home/lib/ant-javafx.jar:/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_60.jdk/Contents/Home/lib/dt.jar:/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_60.jdk/Contents/Home/lib/javafx-mx.jar:/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_60.jdk/Contents/Home/lib/jconsole.jar:/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_60.jdk/Contents/Home/lib/packager.jar:/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_60.jdk/Contents/Home/lib/sa-jdi.jar:/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_60.jdk/Contents/Home/lib/tools.jar:/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_60.jdk/Contents/Home/jre/lib/charsets.jar:/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_60.jdk/Contents/Home/jre/lib/deploy.jar:/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_60.jdk/Contents/Home/jre/lib/javaws.jar:/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_60.jdk/Contents/Home/jre/lib/jce.jar:/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_60.jdk/Contents/Home/jre/lib/jfr.jar:/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_60.jdk/Contents/Home/jre/lib/jfxswt.jar:/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_60.jdk/Contents/Home/jre/lib/jsse.jar:/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_60.jdk/Contents/Home/jre/lib/management-agent.jar:/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_60.jdk/Contents/Home/jre/lib/plugin.jar:/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_60.jdk/Contents/Home/jre/lib/resources.jar:/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_60.jdk/Contents/Home/jre/lib/rt.jar:/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_60.jdk/Contents/Home/jre/lib/ext/cldrdata.jar:/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_60.jdk/Contents/Home/jre/lib/ext/dnsns.jar:/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_60.jdk/Contents/Home/jre/lib/ext/jaccess.jar:/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_60.jdk/Contents/Home/jre/lib/ext/jfxrt.jar:/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_60.jdk/Contents/Home/jre/lib/ext/localedata.jar:/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_60.jdk/Contents/Home/jre/lib/ext/nashorn.jar:/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_60.jdk/Contents/Home/jre/lib/ext/sunec.jar:/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_60.jdk/Contents/Home/jre/lib/ext/sunjce_provider.jar:/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_60.jdk/Contents/Home/jre/lib/ext/sunpkcs11.jar:/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_60.jdk/Contents/Home/jre/lib/ext/zipfs.jar:/Users/Luis/Documents/CCLoader/out/production/CCLoader:/Applications/IntelliJ IDEA 14.app/Contents/lib/idea_rt.jar" com.intellij.rt.execution.application.AppMain KeySearch
What keyword or phrase are you looking for?
Watergate

George papadopolis the former Trump
campaign staff and real cool dude
who it's now admitted to lying to the
FBI he could be a real problem here
because we now know not only did
Papadopoulos have contact with the
Russians during the campaign who
apparently told him through an
intermediary that they had dirt on
Hillary Clinton but he mentioned his
Russian contacts to the campaign who
responded like this a trump campaign
supervisor told Papadopoulos quote I
would encourage you to pursue contact
with Russians and that he had done great
work you know it speaks to the sheer
stupidity of the people involved here
that so many of them often left written
records of their potentially criminal
actions it's like if during Watergate we
had an email chain of Howard hunt saying
about to break in and Nixon replying
noise this this would not be stupid
Watergate without some truly idiotic
details because one of Papadopoulos is
former professors described him as
zealous and a bit simple which
incidentally is also how you would
describe a golden retriever in Isis and
some of his Russian sources turned out
to be pretty unimpressive Papadopoulos
was in London meeting with his Russian
connections including a woman he thought
was Vladimir Putin's niece but turns out
was not that's right we are now living
in an era where at the top New York
Times headline could conceivably have
been shades McCool got catfished by a
fake Putin nice
Trump is now also desperately trying to
distance himself in Papadopoulos calling
him a low-level volunteer which is a
pretty weak defense because not only did
Trump once call him an excellent guy
they were photographed together in a
national security meeting during the
campaign that photograph interestingly
was released earlier this week when the
seal on grand jury testimony was I'm
just kidding Trump posted it to his
Instagram last March
seedez and while that photo looks pretty
damning the White House this week
insisted that it meant nothing they're
happy you were described Papadopoulos as
having a limited role when there's a
there's a photograph of mr. Papadopoulos
sitting at a table with no she she is
not actually wrong there Trump has taken
photos with many many people here's one
of him with OJ Simpson here's one of
Trump and Harvey Weinstein he is with
grimace so think about that the
president has smoked the photos with
murderers sexual predators and in the
case of grimace both but but the point
is none of them got to sit at the table
with Trump and his campaign staff and
when Trump was asked on Friday about
what had happened in that meeting this
was his response I don't remember much
about that meeting it was a very
unimportant meeting took place all oh
damn don't remember much about it oh you
don't remember that that is convenient
although it's slightly undercut by one
of trumps favorite boasts people know me
from my memory it's called like up here
and it's called memory and it's called
other things unfortunate that I have a
good memory I have like a good memory I
have a very good memory they have a good
memory like a great memory we'll have a
great man one of the great memories of
all time yeah there was just no way to
reconcile those two positions although
Trump has actually tried in the past
because when he was asked during a
deposition in 2015 about claiming that
he had one of the world's great memories
he said and I quote I don't remember
saying that as good as my memory is I
don't remember that but I have a good
memory
so so right now

Here are the lines where your keyword is found.
19
23

Process finished with exit code 0
