/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_60.jdk/Contents/Home/bin/java -Didea.launcher.port=7534 "-Didea.launcher.bin.path=/Applications/IntelliJ IDEA 14.app/Contents/bin" -Dfile.encoding=UTF-8 -classpath "/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_60.jdk/Contents/Home/lib/ant-javafx.jar:/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_60.jdk/Contents/Home/lib/dt.jar:/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_60.jdk/Contents/Home/lib/javafx-mx.jar:/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_60.jdk/Contents/Home/lib/jconsole.jar:/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_60.jdk/Contents/Home/lib/packager.jar:/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_60.jdk/Contents/Home/lib/sa-jdi.jar:/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_60.jdk/Contents/Home/lib/tools.jar:/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_60.jdk/Contents/Home/jre/lib/charsets.jar:/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_60.jdk/Contents/Home/jre/lib/deploy.jar:/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_60.jdk/Contents/Home/jre/lib/javaws.jar:/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_60.jdk/Contents/Home/jre/lib/jce.jar:/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_60.jdk/Contents/Home/jre/lib/jfr.jar:/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_60.jdk/Contents/Home/jre/lib/jfxswt.jar:/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_60.jdk/Contents/Home/jre/lib/jsse.jar:/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_60.jdk/Contents/Home/jre/lib/management-agent.jar:/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_60.jdk/Contents/Home/jre/lib/plugin.jar:/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_60.jdk/Contents/Home/jre/lib/resources.jar:/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_60.jdk/Contents/Home/jre/lib/rt.jar:/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_60.jdk/Contents/Home/jre/lib/ext/cldrdata.jar:/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_60.jdk/Contents/Home/jre/lib/ext/dnsns.jar:/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_60.jdk/Contents/Home/jre/lib/ext/jaccess.jar:/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_60.jdk/Contents/Home/jre/lib/ext/jfxrt.jar:/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_60.jdk/Contents/Home/jre/lib/ext/localedata.jar:/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_60.jdk/Contents/Home/jre/lib/ext/nashorn.jar:/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_60.jdk/Contents/Home/jre/lib/ext/sunec.jar:/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_60.jdk/Contents/Home/jre/lib/ext/sunjce_provider.jar:/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_60.jdk/Contents/Home/jre/lib/ext/sunpkcs11.jar:/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_60.jdk/Contents/Home/jre/lib/ext/zipfs.jar:/Users/Luis/Documents/CCLoader/out/production/CCLoader:/Applications/IntelliJ IDEA 14.app/Contents/lib/idea_rt.jar" com.intellij.rt.execution.application.AppMain KeySearch
What keyword or phrase are you looking for?
NFIP
linetext:	floods they are clearly catastrophic
linetext:	traumatic events although they have also
linetext:	been responsible for one of the most
linetext:	memorable clips in the history of
linetext:	broadcast news good morning well
linetext:	obviously we're getting a nice break
linetext:	from the rain but not the flooding this
linetext:	is essentially
linetext:	that's it fuck James Cameron and fuck
linetext:	Titanic because that is now officially
linetext:	the greatest boat disaster ever captured
linetext:	on film it's over now floods were
linetext:	everywhere this summer think of them as
linetext:	the des paseo of natural disasters
linetext:	persistent ubiquitous and absolutely no
linetext:	fault of the Puerto Rican government and
linetext:	floods are always threatening 90% of all
linetext:	natural disasters in the US involve a
linetext:	flood which is I assume the reason that
linetext:	FEMA's website once referred to flooding
linetext:	as America's number one natural hazard
linetext:	exclamation mark which is a pretty weird
linetext:	tone to take were describing something
linetext:	horrible
linetext:	it's like saying boils America's number
linetext:	one staph infection or parks America's
linetext:	number one place to die unnoticed
linetext:	and floods are only going to get worse
linetext:	due to climate change and I know that
linetext:	there are people who will dispute that
linetext:	and we just don't have time tonight to
linetext:	litigate whether extreme weather events
linetext:	are exacerbated by climate change so for
linetext:	now let's just say yeah they just
linetext:	definitely are I mean it is a
linetext:	complicated issue and we may not have
linetext:	definitive proof until the late 1980s
linetext:	but but while floods are often referred
linetext:	to as natural disasters the truth is the
linetext:	damage they do is often to some extent
linetext:	within our control because we have made
linetext:	certain decisions that put and keep
linetext:	people and property in the path of
linetext:	flooding and that is what this story is
linetext:	about and before we go any further let's
linetext:	acknowledge that people live near water
linetext:	for all sorts of reasons for some it's
linetext:	where their families of limpid
linetext:	generations or a necessity for the work
linetext:	that they do or for others it's a luxury
linetext:	and and living next to the water is
linetext:	undoubtedly attractive despite the risks
linetext:	like flooding or stepping on pointy
linetext:	seashells or mistakenly giving a toasty
linetext:	toe to a seagull without realizing that
linetext:	that means that you will now spend the
linetext:	rest of your life
linetext:	haunted by a tostito addicted seagull
linetext:	the point is whatever the reason to live
linetext:	by the water
linetext:	learning to offer fuck's sake you've got
linetext:	to be kidding me I don't have any
linetext:	Tostitos I've been telling you that for
linetext:	six years look feetoes sorry the point
linetext:	is the dangers of waterfront living are
linetext:	real but many people like this man who
linetext:	lives on the water in Tampa Bay feel the
linetext:	benefits outweigh the risks mark knows
linetext:	that life here is tenuous but he doesn't
linetext:	dwell on it every morning when I walk
linetext:	out to get the paper I see dolphins
linetext:	frolicking in the bayou and Roseate
linetext:	spoonbills walking around the edge of
linetext:	the Bayou so tends to make you forget
linetext:	about all those sorts of things sure I
linetext:	can imagine that seeing a Roseate
linetext:	Spoonbill would take your mind off
linetext:	things because you're spending your
linetext:	whole day trying to figure out how a
linetext:	flamingo could have gotten it's stupid
linetext:	bird face stuck into a panini press I'm
linetext:	just saying even people who like birds
linetext:	don't like this bird the Audubon Society
linetext:	an organization whose entire purpose is
linetext:	to champion birds says they are quote
linetext:	gorgeous at a distance and bizarre up
linetext:	close which is like the American Kennel
linetext:	Club saying we celebrate all dogs and
linetext:	honor them as man's best friend but the
linetext:	dandy din Mont has a trash personality
linetext:	and looks like a Scottie Fox Phil
linetext:	Spector look if you are literally
linetext:	overlooking a bar you like that guy you
linetext:	are probably aware that flooding is a
linetext:	risk but not every flood prone area is
linetext:	directly along the coast and sometimes
linetext:	aggressive development can exacerbate
linetext:	the risk of flooding even considerably
linetext:	inland just look at Houston which was
linetext:	recently rocked by Harvey the metro
linetext:	areas development has exploded one study
linetext:	found the Houston area has added 25
linetext:	percent more pavement over 15 years
linetext:	replacing soil rich wetlands that could
linetext:	absorb water with concrete covered
linetext:	suburbia exactly and that made Harvey's
linetext:	damage significantly worse concrete
linetext:	isn't good at absorbing water that is
linetext:	why people don't dry off at the beach by
linetext:	rolling around in the parking lot
linetext:	but but it's not just global warming or
linetext:	unchecked growth that have put more
linetext:	people in risky flood prone areas it's
linetext:	also the fact that it's frequently only
linetext:	possible for people to take that risk
linetext:	because they have flood insurance just
linetext:	look at buying the beach it's a house
linetext:	hunters type show for people who want to
linetext:	live near the water and one episode
linetext:	featured two brothers named Mitch and
linetext:	Daniel arguing over a particular beach
linetext:	house which led to this exchange what do
linetext:	you think about the island house Mitch
linetext:	well I think there is a lot of good and
linetext:	a lot of bad on it right awful stepped
linetext:	into the beach can't be beat we are
linetext:	really close to the water that's just
linetext:	another thing that's got me concerned
linetext:	well that's what insurance is for that's
linetext:	what insurance is for that may be the
linetext:	most reckless statement ever said on a
linetext:	boat and I'm very much including I can
linetext:	definitely make this shot work let's
linetext:	beat these goals and Tostitos and don't
linetext:	have any all I did was say the word get
linetext:	out of here no touch detox no touch the
linetext:	dogs but Mitch Lou Tostitos but but
linetext:	Mitch Mitch isn't wrong that if they
linetext:	bought that house they could get flood
linetext:	insurance and surprisingly cheaply and
linetext:	it's worth taking some time to
linetext:	understand why that is the case because
linetext:	unlike other forms of homeowners
linetext:	insurance flood protection is actually
linetext:	underwritten by the government through
linetext:	the NFIP or National Flood Insurance
linetext:	Program it started nearly 50 years ago
linetext:	after historic floods wiped out many
linetext:	people's homes in the 1960s and the
linetext:	government back then realized that there
linetext:	was a real problem insurance companies
linetext:	wouldn't cover floods at an affordable
linetext:	cost because it was too risky so because
linetext:	of that the government was spending way
linetext:	too much on disaster relief so they
linetext:	stepped in and created the NFIP which
linetext:	offered significantly discounted
linetext:	insurance to encourage people to bite
linetext:	and that sounds great but crucially the
linetext:	aim at the time was not that people
linetext:	would be staying in at-risk homes
linetext:	permanently as the program's current
linetext:	administrator explains they presumed
linetext:	that if we told people they were at risk
linetext:	they would move they presumed that over
linetext:	the life of the program those discounts
linetext:	wouldn't need to be continued and they
linetext:	presumed they would need to be continued
linetext:	because once people knew they had the
linetext:	ridge
linetext:	they would move out that has not proven
linetext:	true no but of course it hasn't because
linetext:	that's not how people work we will
linetext:	gladly accept huge risks to our personal
linetext:	safety for the sake of a discount so
linetext:	that was the entire premise behind the
linetext:	McDonald's dollar menu and that is just
linetext:	one of the many flaws with how this
linetext:	well-intentioned program was designed
linetext:	because everything about it from who
linetext:	participates to where the money goes to
linetext:	the incentives it creates needs fixing
linetext:	and let's start with the fact that
linetext:	eligibility for the program is
linetext:	determined through flood plain Maps you
linetext:	are required to buy flood insurance if
linetext:	you have a federally backed mortgage and
linetext:	FEMA's maps show that you live in a
linetext:	risky area unfortunately the mandate has
linetext:	been poorly enforced meaning that lots
linetext:	of people don't buy insurance who should
linetext:	and the maps themselves can be both
linetext:	out-of-date and wildly inaccurate in
linetext:	fact just days before Harvey struck a
linetext:	study of Houston area flood maps was
linetext:	published and the results were alarming
linetext:	over the course of a decade researchers
linetext:	at Rice University and Texas A&M;
linetext:	Galveston studied one section of
linetext:	Southeast Harris County they found
linetext:	FEMA's flood plain Maps missed about 75%
linetext:	of the damages from the storms
linetext:	seventy-five percent at that point you
linetext:	might as well predict floods by having
linetext:	blindfolded six-year-olds pin little
linetext:	cardboard puddles onto city maps at
linetext:	birthday parties but even if all the
linetext:	maps were perfect there would be another
linetext:	floor with the NFIP which is how its
linetext:	administered you see typically the
linetext:	government doesn't directly insure you
linetext:	instead
linetext:	it pays private insurance companies a
linetext:	fee for every policy they sell but not
linetext:	just that the federal government is then
linetext:	responsible for covering any losses
linetext:	which is a pretty fucking sweet deal for
linetext:	those companies they take none of the
linetext:	risk and yet they get all the rewards
linetext:	but it gets even worse because they also
linetext:	get paid for each claim they handle and
linetext:	when frontline crunched some of the
linetext:	numbers and presented them to inform
linetext:	ahead of the program they found
linetext:	something shocking
linetext:	there was one number that really jumped
linetext:	out with all the claims in the wake of
linetext:	Sandy the profits were more than four
linetext:	hundred million dollars because they're
linetext:	handling a lot of claims that year and
linetext:	they get they get make a lot of money
linetext:	when they hand with
linetext:	when a big storm hits then they make
linetext:	more money yeah at the very time you
linetext:	need them to make less money if anything
linetext:	because because of the burden is gonna
linetext:	be borne by the taxpayers they make it
linetext:	killing that's true for insurance
linetext:	companies the bigger the disaster the
linetext:	more they stand to profit and that is a
linetext:	business model not usually seen outside
linetext:	of Nicolas Cage's career and while the
linetext:	insurance industry may dispute exactly
linetext:	how much profit they make the fact
linetext:	remains that the government and the
linetext:	taxpayer are definitely the ones eating
linetext:	the losses which is one of the reasons
linetext:	why even before these latest hurricanes
linetext:	the program was twenty five billion
linetext:	dollars in debt and there are not enough
linetext:	Roseate spoonbills in the world to take
linetext:	your mind off that and just to be clear
linetext:	there are exactly enough Roseate
linetext:	spoonbills in the world I'm just saying
linetext:	do we all really need more of this
linetext:	any kids come see the dirty pink
linetext:	dinosaur is noisily devouring its young
linetext:	and look there is a good argument to
linetext:	make that helping people stay in their
linetext:	homes after a disaster is what
linetext:	government is for but remember a big
linetext:	chunk of that money is just going to the
linetext:	insurance companies and another
linetext:	shockingly big chunk of that money goes
linetext:	to very few homes for instance along the
linetext:	Gulf Coast in Florida just 1% of
linetext:	properties covered by the NFIP have
linetext:	accounted for a quarter of flood claims
linetext:	these are called the so called
linetext:	repetitive loss properties now they are
linetext:	homes that can flood over and over and
linetext:	over again getting payments each and
linetext:	every time and and some of them are
linetext:	costing us a fortune just recently an
linetext:	article in The Washington Post
linetext:	highlighted a home in Pointe Coupee
linetext:	Parish that has flooded 40 times while
linetext:	the house is valued at just 56 thousand
linetext:	dollars the NFIP is doled out nearly
linetext:	four hundred thirty thousand dollars to
linetext:	cover flood claims so that is just
linetext:	stupid because if nothing else if your
linetext:	house floods 40 times
linetext:	mother nature is sending you a pretty
linetext:	clear message and that message is hey
linetext:	would you mind leaving some weird fish
linetext:	would like to fuck in here now and some
linetext:	parts of the country have particularly
linetext:	extreme examples of this now you
linetext:	remember Mitch and Daniel the pastel
linetext:	death trap that they were looking at is
linetext:	on a place called dolphin Island where
linetext:	over the past two decades
linetext:	homeowners are paid just nine point
linetext:	three million dollars in premiums into
linetext:	the NFIP but they've received seventy
linetext:	two point two million dollars in
linetext:	payments for their damaged homes it is
linetext:	so bad that the island got written up by
linetext:	Bloomberg under the headline law of
linetext:	coastal living is draining us disaster
linetext:	funds and at first glance we thought
linetext:	hold on isn't that the exact same
linetext:	eyesore on stilts that Mitch and Daniel
linetext:	almost bought well the good news is it's
linetext:	actually not the bad news is it's
linetext:	literally the house next door and it was
linetext:	also featured on a different episode of
linetext:	buying the beach
linetext:	right in the water it wasn't close to
linetext:	the beach it was in the ocean the waves
linetext:	are just right here it's literally in
linetext:	the ocean
linetext:	this is in
linetext:	yeah it is insane but what's even crazy
linetext:	is at the end of the episode they
linetext:	decided to buy the house but even if you
linetext:	were able to overlook the repetitive
linetext:	loss properties which you shouldn't
linetext:	there is another issue and that is that
linetext:	nearly one out of every five homes
linetext:	covered under the NFIP is a second home
linetext:	and because the program isn't
linetext:	means-tested the benefits frequently go
linetext:	to some wealthy individuals vacation
linetext:	homes one such property belonged to John
linetext:	Stossel a Fox News personality and
linetext:	partially hydrogenated Tom Selleck and
linetext:	I'll let Stossel who really answers the
linetext:	question what a Freddie Mercury quit
linetext:	scene to become an assistant floor
linetext:	manager at Men's Wearhouse I'll let him
linetext:	tell you all about it because even he
linetext:	knew it was ridiculous years ago I built
linetext:	this beach house that's younger me there
linetext:	the house was on the edge of the
linetext:	Atlantic Ocean a risky place to build
linetext:	but I built anyway cuz a federal program
linetext:	guaranteed my investment eventually a
linetext:	storm swept away my first floor but I
linetext:	didn't lose a penny thanks I never
linetext:	invited you there but you paid for my
linetext:	new first floor okay so now Stossel is
linetext:	clearly just baiting people because
linetext:	under no circumstances does anyone want
linetext:	to be funding the reconstruction of the
linetext:	world's smuggest man's rickety sea
linetext:	prison and there is lots to be confused
linetext:	about they're not not least of which
linetext:	that photo of stossel posing shirtless
linetext:	in skin tight white swim trunks from
linetext:	hundreds of feet away who took that
linetext:	photo
linetext:	it can't be another human who wanted it
linetext:	so here's my guess I think that he put a
linetext:	camera on a long delay timer then
linetext:	sprinted for a full 45 seconds back to
linetext:	the deck of his house whispering hurry
linetext:	hurry hurry to himself the entire time
linetext:	and gone in position just in time for
linetext:	that photo to happen that is the only
linetext:	scientifically possible explanation we
linetext:	debated this the entire fucking week and
linetext:	it's the only scenario that we can all
linetext:	agree on
linetext:	look if you choose to build something in
linetext:	a risky place like John Stossel salt
linetext:	battered bottoms only beach mistake you
linetext:	should absolutely be allowed to do that
linetext:	but you shouldn't expect the government
linetext:	to repeatedly help you rebuild when
linetext:	things inevitably go wrong however the
linetext:	vast majority the vast majority here of
linetext:	NFIP beneficiaries are not wealthy or
linetext:	second home owners they often really
linetext:	need this program and cannot afford for
linetext:	it to go under and for those stuck in
linetext:	repetitive loss properties it is easy
linetext:	for anyone to just say they should move
linetext:	they should just move but it's much more
linetext:	difficult than that as this Kentucky
linetext:	woman whose home has flooded repeatedly
linetext:	will tell you we couldn't sell her house
linetext:	who would want to buy a house with us
linetext:	had this me repetitive floods and it who
linetext:	would want to back us we have neighbors
linetext:	that have had their houses up for sale
linetext:	for two or three years and haven't even
linetext:	had anyone come and view the house we
linetext:	need a bath from from FEMA or from
linetext:	whoever it is that is responsible for
linetext:	this right and her decision to try and
linetext:	leave that home could not have been easy
linetext:	because you don't want to throw out the
linetext:	baby with the flood water but at a
linetext:	certain point the responsible thing to
linetext:	do is to get a better more
linetext:	water-resistant baby which is
linetext:	incidentally also the title of Britain's
linetext:	best-selling book on teaching children
linetext:	to swim now unfortunately our by our
linetext:	programs are hugely underfunded and
linetext:	prohibitively slow it can take years for
linetext:	buyouts to get approved by which point
linetext:	homeowners have probably had to rebuild
linetext:	their house at the government's expense
linetext:	and it may have already flooded again so
linetext:	essentially a government program that
linetext:	was supposed to help people in flooded
linetext:	homes is sometimes trapping them inside
linetext:	them indefinitely and trapping people in
linetext:	structurally unsound homes isn't what
linetext:	the government is for it's what buying
linetext:	the beach is for
linetext:	there just has to be a better way here
linetext:	and there are some key things that we
linetext:	can do to improve this program we can do
linetext:	things like means-tested and eventually
linetext:	get rid of discounts for second hunks
linetext:	and gradually increase the insurance
linetext:	rates on some properties so that they
linetext:	reflect actual risk unfortunately the
linetext:	last time the Congress tried a major
linetext:	reform of the NFIP with the
linetext:	biggert-waters Act of 2012 the result
linetext:	was that many people's rates skyrocketed
linetext:	overnight and politicians were so
linetext:	spooked by angry constituents they
linetext:	significantly scaled back many of the
linetext:	reforms and I'm not saying that this
linetext:	will ever be politically easy because
linetext:	even if you do properly fund and
linetext:	streamline a buyout scheme there are
linetext:	still going to be cases where people
linetext:	just want to stay put right here in New
linetext:	York there is a low line community
linetext:	called Broad Channel where the streets
linetext:	can flood twice a month its residents
linetext:	fought against those rate increases a
linetext:	few years ago and many of them have no
linetext:	interest in leaving the neighborhoods to
linetext:	great then this of my whole house got
linetext:	destroyed by Sandy and ivory you know I
linetext:	redid my whole house I do know people
linetext:	like you're crazy you should move but
linetext:	you're standing in water right now maybe
linetext:	the people telling you to move we're
linetext:	saying at the very least can you move up
linetext:	five inches to dry land but the hard
linetext:	truth here is even expensive
linetext:	interventions are likely to only by that
linetext:	community a little more time and people
linetext:	in Broad Channel will eventually be
linetext:	leaving whether it's by moving truck or
linetext:	by boat because environmental conditions
linetext:	are going to get worse heavy downpours
linetext:	have increased in the last 50 years and
linetext:	sea levels have been climbing steadily
linetext:	and I'm not saying that that is because
linetext:	of climate change
linetext:	even though
linetext:	just this precisely the NFIP is actually
linetext:	two for reauthorization this December
linetext:	and I would argue that it's time to take
linetext:	another shot at serious thoughtful
linetext:	reform because we're doubt it we have an
linetext:	unstable unsustainable program that is
linetext:	indirectly harming some of the people
linetext:	that it was designed to help and I don't
linetext:	have any type of joke relax I'm not here
linetext:	for Tostitos really yeah hold on you can
linetext:	talk of course CEOs can talk we just
linetext:	choose to listen most of the time all
linetext:	right
linetext:	that's actually very nice and every word
linetext:	you would say about flooding and you are
linetext:	right I'm seated I'm a seagull yeah some
linetext:	people in high-risk areas will need to
linetext:	move and we should give them the help
linetext:	that they can do that with right because
linetext:	well leaving your home is hard being
linetext:	forced out when it's uninhabitable is 10
linetext:	times harder right and after all your
linetext:	home isn't just walls and a roof it's
linetext:	where the people you love uh-oh
linetext:	see I'll call it that was absolutely
linetext:	beautiful
linetext:	yeah not bad for a flying beach rat oh
linetext:	no no no no don't don't talk like that
linetext:	about yourself no don't
linetext:	it's okay I know it's true you know it's
linetext:	true everybody watching knows it's true
linetext:	Hey I eat french fries out of the
linetext:	garbage yeah you're right you make a
linetext:	good point you're absolutely disgusting
linetext:	but but you know what I am truly sorry
linetext:	for misjudging your motives in coming
linetext:	here that's okay Johnny just one worth a
linetext:	chore anything Jenny just Eidos fuck you
linetext:	have any Tostitos get all your get the
linetext:	fuck out of here
linetext:	[Applause]
145
155
208
266
278
295
321
373
423
461

Process finished with exit code 0
